if this business were to be successful
in my opinion you need to clone me three
times
clone family three times clone me three
times and I'll be perfect all the ami
clones are just starting like killing
off each other they just get so sick of
each other like one thing another ami
said like you can't mix two Amy's this
doesn't go together in a moment I'll
share with you my final thoughts on
Amy's Baking Company
but first let's head back to Scottsdale
and a reporter Anna Garcia who's with
Samy and Amy how was your business
affected by what happened in the episode
where I'm completely bombarded by the
media by customers by haters by trolls
we've become the number one tourist
attraction for for the summer only it's
like Disneyland for the crazies they
stand outside and take pictures just
because they want to see it when they
come in they look at us like they are
real and they almost pass out and then
they sit down and they try our food and
they see who we are as people and they
say I can't believe it it's amazing it's
incredible how did this ever happen
what's going on here are we being Punk'd
but have you been busy because we really
didn't find anyone who ever said this
place was packed well I'm open for
business right now look at how how can I
have any normal business when I have
this all day long what happened with
Facebook what the allegations that you
had been hacked every single post that
was written calling people and
making fun of them for not making money
did not compromise we didn't say those
things now we are because now you have
lit the fire inside of us now when we're
calling people little trolls and telling
them that they have no balls yes that's
us because I think it takes a very
special kind of person it's called a
eunuch to be able to call someone and
bully them over the phone or through the
internet when you don't know who they
are nobody make money because the straws
you could have or Don Ramsay told them
I'm stealing tips to the people can we
talk about that can we talk about the
tips I was pretty surprised that the
waitresses didn't keep their tips
why Samy because I give him hourly very
high I don't have mine between $8 to $14
an hour if he's empty like this they
still go with money if they wait for the
tip they wait like this have you changed
your policy on the stations I give him
tips oh is that something good
came out of the kitchen nightmares is
that you now is known because they work
with the tip and there is nobody here
then of course they're not going to make
money then they're on the way all of
this that's happened and you know have
you made any changes to the menu you
can't keep these menus under solace yes
are the ravioli still frozen Ramsay also
during this filming I asked him I said
would you let anybody come into your
kitchen and give you the kind of
attitude that Katie give gave me and not
fire them he said yeah that to me shows
me that he's a pansy if I scare you got
to get as much for using that word ami
the reason I said he was a pansy is
because the same reason I call these
Yelpers and these people that hide
behind the computer screen the cameltoe
mafia they are they are pansies
they have no balls because if they had
balls they would come to my face my
husband's face and tell us exactly all
this stuff that the lie is the
slanderous stuff that they say online
instead of just hiding behind their
computer screen I have said a lot of
offensive things but when a person is
completely under attack I'm sorry I
would love to be nothing but a lady and
control my language and not have a
severe case of Tourette's syndrome but
this is what's happened to me
because of the pressure I call that guy
a pansy because he was a pale-faced
pansy ass willow that's exactly what I
call him yes I'm going to see things if
someone attacks me I'm not going to stop
how then I will be a pansy and I'm not a
pansy there was a part in the episode
where it showed that Sammy tries to
shield you from criticism and when
Gordon sent back some food
Sammy you didn't really want to tell Amy
because it's not true because my wife's
food is excellent everybody loved my
wife Oona the reason that he didn't tell
me each plate was getting sent back is
because he knew that it would Gordon
Ramsay was full of Sammy tells
everything to me as I tell everything to
Sammy we share we don't keep secrets
from each other he protects me I protect
him people love us because we stand
together and we are United yes he and I
will fight to the death for each other
no doubt you come and you try
Takas I'm going to be like a fierce lion
I'm gonna attack anybody that's coming
to try to hurt my husband or my business
it has affected your business are you
seeing the customers come back some
different you know different people they
come there they are very happy surprise
surprise what Gordon Ramsay say I have
enough money to keep my business as long
ill the stupid people become smart and
then they come again to us and they will
we are not the ones Gordon Ramsay
represent us we are not at all we are
not a villain or gangster or what I am
reformed and you did say you did say I'm
a gangster I always said again I will
say it again if somebody because I am
the one who can go on top of him you
cannot go on top of me I can promise you
no tell me not all these people I can
probably you did say that I am except I
would say it again if I have to okay I
will say it myself I would like people
to understand that first and foremost my
husband and I we are united and that's
the most wonderful thing in my life
we are not psychotic lunatic people that
will make you wait an hour and a half
for your food and then call the police
on you if you don't get it we're not
gonna scream at you and throw you out
unless you come to attack us if you do
come and attack us we will scream at you
and we will throw you out I think like
95% of the things that are being said
about us we sit and we laugh our butts
off about it because it's hysterical
do you have a message for Gordon Ramsay
mr. Ramsay for all the respect that I
had for you I ask you now to really put
the truth and really give us a chance
really give us a chance or is it maybe
urgent cuz he tried to destroy us I knew
them to give me a chance
well obviously the whole world thinks
that were psychic till you're away
casualities we think he's going to come
in soon or the food is good I was joking
yeah I think you should do that if he
wanted to tell me do you asking too much
you can't was that is that his right to
say that and he's going to close his
store that said he's finished he's
finished cheeky wonder he won never say
the truth of course you will keep it up
endure for himself
once Chef Ramsay
my food as a chef he'll be able to tell
that this is what God wants me to do
you're pulling my plonker now on you